The end goal of this project is to predict how likely a player will be chosen for your big and successful ice hockey team in Austria.

Each group will receive a dataset containing the same features. A detailed description of these features can be found in feature_description.txt (Feature Description).

Each dataset is split into various different files with important information for the task. The data consists of synthetic data, so it was generated by us. This has allowed us to incorporate many of the characteristics of various real-world datasets. Therefore, please keep in mind that not every ice hockey player may exist like this in the real world and have logical outliers. But still look out for other outliers in the data (as mentioned in the lectures). Otherwise, general logic still applies to this dataset.

Your tasks inlcude

- Phase I: Preprocessing of the data, cleaning the data and exploratory data analysis (EDA) without any knowledge of the target variable
- Phase II: Training and predicting the target variable and evaluating your models.
You have to evaluate your model yourself, so consider what could be good and appropriate evaluation methods.

For Phase I, the following points should be discussed in your uploaded presentation:

- What preprocessing steps did you take
- What interesting things did you find in the data (missing values, outliers)
- What are the relationships in your data
- What was your approach on how you dealt with the unknown data

Your presentation should have exactly

- 1 approach slide
- 2 preprocessing slides
- 2 data relationship slides
- 2 data cleaning/imputation (missing values, outliers, ...) slides
- 1 most important findings / discussion slide

For Phase II, the following points should be discussed in your uploaded presentation (and the interview)

- What was your training strategy
- How did you decide which columns to use
- How did you split your data
- What tools / approaches did you use
- How did you evaluate your models

Your presentation should have exactly

- 1 feature selection slide
- 1 method slide (data splitting, approaches, ...)
- 1 or 2 evaluation slides
- 1 discussion slide

Of course you are allowed to add a title slide if you want.

You do not have to present the Phase I presentation, just upload it in the Teach Center. However, you have to present the Phase II presentation, which should not take longer than 10 minutes.

Please submit your presentations and the code for each Phase in the TeachCenter until the deadlines.

- Phase I: 03.05
- Phase II: 19.06